Add a hint that the repository is no longer in use. (#278)
Altinn/altinn-notifications-email: README.md

# ⚠️ This Repository Has Been Archived

> **This repository is no longer maintained.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This repository is no longer being maintained.**
```

> The functionality from this repository has been merged into the main Altinn Notifications monorepo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application in this repository has been moved into the Altinn Notifications repository.
```

👉 **Please use [altinn-notifications](https://github.com/Altinn/altinn-notifications) instead.**

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
